# ProbePerspective

(Work in progress!)

In May of 2025 (so a year ago from writing this) I was working on a project where I was trying to line up each image collected by the Cassini Probe from the Cassini–Huygens mission (Note: The Cassini–Huygens mission consists of the Cassini Probe and the Huygens Lander, which was carried by the Cassini Probe until it was sent to land on the surface of Titan. I was only working with the Cassini data.) with a simulation of what it should have looked at from that perspective. My goal was to project those images onto the surfaces of the moons and rings of Saturn, automatically turning the Cassini data into surface maps, but I just. couldn't get it to line up. I chalked (Note 2: I had to look up whether this was "chock" or "chalk". I've literally never typed that out before.) this up to the SPICE Kernels or ephemeris files not being precise enough, so I put the project on hold, planning to pick it up eventually. However ☝️ yesterday Hank Green put out a video that mentioned an idea posed by Scott Manley to use SPICE Kernels to add the attitude of Artemis II to the artemistimeline.com website Hank Green put together. Which got me a bit on edge, because I really did want to finish this project, but now I have a sense that thousands of other people might be working on the same thing, but I'd hate for the work I did last year to go to waste, so here I am, trying to finish this quickly, before someone else vibe codes it. Personally, I don't want to vibe code it, since I have a particular artistic vision of what I want it to look like, and, well, I could tell immediately from the dark blue and rounded corners of Hank Green's website that that was vibe coded. But anyway, this will probably take me a couple days to put together. I'm going to liveblog that process in this README, and then, perhaps, reformat this to not be a single paragraph.

Task one:
 - A timeline that can slide back and forth. (it's a start!)
